## Meeting Details
- Monday January 19, 2015 at 19:00 UTC
- Original GitHub Issue (planning thread): https://github.com/nodejs/website/issues/59
- YouTube recording: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U9ftC-Yy98
- In attendance (_in order of self-introduction_):
  * Mikeal Rogers [@mikeal](https://github.com/mikeal), _meeting chair_
  * Jeremiah Senkpiel [@Fishrock123](https://github.com/Fishrock123)
  * Sean Ouimet [@snostorm](https://github.com/snostorm)
  * Trent Oswald [@therebelrobot](https://github.com/therebelrobot)
  * Zeke Sikelianos [@zeke](https://github.com/zeke)
  * Charlie Robbins [@indexzero](https://github.com/indexzero)

## Meeting Agenda
### Matching or Diverging from io.js organizationally
* Governance #81
  * **We're going to adopt the io.js governance model and circle back around in a month or so to see if there is anything we would benefit from changing.**
* Licensing #1
  * **We're going to adopt the io.js licensing**
* Contributing #69
  * **We're going to adopt the liberal CONTRIBUTING model in io.js as well as the DCO**
* Team Structure #19
  * Evangelism Team #82
   * **For now the Evangelism team will run out of the github issue in the website repo. Once a few people are contributing regularly it will probably spin out in to its own WG. Mikeal will followup with the TC and get their thoughts as well.**
* IRC #65
 * **Help requests should go to the node.js channel, io.js contributions including the website can be coordinated in the io.js channel.**
* Closing/Fixing Policy #76
 * **For now active contributors should fix conflicts themselves when possible. Hopefully this will happen far less in the future once we are building the pages more dynamically.**
* Helping users properly report "website" Bugs/Issues #55
 * **On all content pages we should link to a way to fix/contribute to that page. It's going to be tricky to figure out where on the main page we should link to website issues without confusing users but we should experiment.**

### Build & Site Improvements
* Pick a build system #22
 * **Trent and Jeremiah are going to begin working on a gulp based build system.**
* i18n #33
 * **Zeke is doing a bunch of research on i18n tooling for npmjs.org so he's going to update the ticket with his findings so we can pick a good tool chain.**
* Downloads
  * Release page (dynamic) #67
  * latest / semver links #80
   * **We need to work with build to find the best way to give us the meta information to update this page every time they build.**
* Blog / announcements (page/section) #68
  * Feed for releases & announcements #79
   * **We will do something markdown based once the build system solidifies a little more.**
* List of supporting host (article/FAQ) #73
 * **Will take under consideration later after more immediate issues are addressed.**

### New issues (as a result from the meeting)
* Social Media #83
* Hosting, build process README #84
